README.md, before:

# 3DVier!
A Connect Four clone for Nintendo 3DS.

## Screenshots
![MainMenu](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DVier/blob/master/Screenshots/mainMenu.png)![Char Selection](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DVier/blob/master/Screenshots/charSelection.png)![Color Settings](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DVier/blob/master/Screenshots/colorSettings.png)![Credits](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DVier/blob/master/Screenshots/credits.png)![In Game](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DVier/blob/master/Screenshots/inGame.png)![Keyboard](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DVier/blob/master/Screenshots/keyboard.png)![Language Selection](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DVier/blob/master/Screenshots/langSelection.png)![UI Settings](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DVier/blob/master/Screenshots/uiSettings.png)

## Compilation

To build 3DVier from source, you need devkitPro installed, along with devkitARM, libctru, Citro2D and Citro3D. To get these you can run `pacman -S 3ds-dev --noconfirm`. Now that you have everything installed, you just need to run clone the repository and run `make`.

## Support and Issues
You need support for 3DVier? Then don't be shy to join the Universal-Server's Discord Server and read the rules there to talk on this server! After it you can ask for help in the 3deins_3dvier channel. Link to the discord can you find [here](https://discord.gg/KDJCfGF). If you have an issue with 3DVier, then feel free to create an issue on this repository and or do it on the Universal-Server. Always take a look at the Wiki first before opening an issue or asking for support!

## Credits
### Main Developers
- [SuperSaiyajinStackZ](https://github.com/SuperSaiyajinStackZ): App Idea and Main Developer.

## Translators
- [SuperSaiyajinStackZ](https://github.com/SuperSaiyajinStackZ): German and English.

## Others
- [devkitPro](https://github.com/devkitPro), [Fincs](https://github.com/fincs), [Smealum](https://github.com/smealum), [Wintermute](https://github.com/WinterMute): For devkitARM, Citro2D, Citro3D and Libctru.
- [Universal-Core](https://github.com/Universal-Team/Universal-Core): The code for the UI.
- [Yahtzee3DS](https://github.com/LiquidFenrir/Yahtzee3DS): For inspiring me for local stuff. Without it, I probably might stuck on the LocalPlay implementation.

Commit message:

Rework of 3DVier featuring DSVier. (#3)
* Initial commit for 3DS version.

* WIP: DSVier.

* Slight build changes.

- Create binary files inside the `builds` folder from the root directory.

* 3DS & NDS work.

* Add Characters & Credits screen to NDS version.

Also add boxart.

* Initial MiniMax, NegaMax implementation.

* Some slight Gamescreen fixes | cleanup or so.

* Keep Chip color order the same as DSVier on 3DVier.

* Make against AI optional, also use 3DVier UI colors.

TODO: Probably some fixes or so?

* Probably *last* commit until merge to master?

README.md, after:

# 3DVier | DSVier
A Connect Four clone for Nintendo 3DS & Nintendo DS(i).

## Support and Issues
You need support for 3DVier | DSVier? Then don't be shy to join the Universal-Server's Discord Server and read the rules there! After it you can ask for help in the `ut-homebrew-games` channel. Link to the discord can you find [here](https://discord.gg/KDJCfGF). If you have an issue with 3DVier | DSVier, then feel free to create an issue on this repository and or do it on the Universal-Server. Always take a look at the Wiki first before opening an issue or asking for support!

For more about the NDS version, look [here](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DVier/blob/master/nds/README.md).

For more about the 3DS version, look [here](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DVier/blob/master/3ds/README.md).

## Credits
- The AI, or better said: (`abMiniMax`, `MiniMax`, `NegaMax` and `abNegaMax`) implementation is based from [here](https://github.com/hanneshoettinger/connect-four) and [here](https://github.com/ttsiodras/Score4).
